Use less dangerous example for deploy parameters (#1590)
cap-js/docs: guides/multitenancy/mtxs.md

##### Example Usage

> With `@sap/hdi-deploy` [parameters](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_HANA_PLATFORM/4505d0bdaf4948449b7f7379d24d0f0d/a4bbc2dd8a20442387dc7b706e8d3070.html) `trace` and `version`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `@sap/hdi-deploy` [parameters](https://help.sap.com/docs/hana-cloud-database/sap-hana-cloud-sap-hana-database-developer-guide-for-cloud-foundry-multitarget-applications-sap-business-app-studio/deployment-options-in-hdi) `trace` and `version`:
```
